It let's build our robo friends app I think to get started.
We want to think about component's again.
And what kind of components we want to build.
Looking at this Web site the smallest component that we've probably want to start working on is perhaps
the cart component this cart over here if we can build one of these.
Then according to what I've said before we can just copy all these components and add them to the page.
So let's start off with this.
The card component.
All right.
Now we won't be using the halo component anymore.
And if you remember it looked like this.
Let's just I know it's sad but we're going to delete it when I delete the helos.
SS start off clean.
Song one to delete.
OK.
And we'll also delete hollowed out CSX.
I know all our hard work just completely gone.
You know we're going to start deleting things that we don't need in this project for example the app
dodgiest that we had initially.
Well we can delete that can also delete Abdollah CSX
or test
and the logo.
All right.
So everything's looking very small now.
We have just and ex-Nazi SS index Rajai ass and this register service worker that comes with query racked
up that we don't need to touch.
OK obviously we have failed to compile because Walder Hello imports doesn't really work we don't have
anything.
So let's start off with this.
Let's start off by creating a card component and this car component will have to import it from card.
J.S. again if I save this still get an error because it doesn't exist.
So let's create it.
I'm going to say new file card.
Yes.
Then making sure that this is using table.
And let's do what we've done before we do import
re-act from
instead of doing the CLOs way for now we're just going to worry about building the function.
So I'm going to say Konst card equals.
It won't have any properties for now.
And this will return in brackets.
And within here we'll say that it has a div within this div will have an image and this image will have
some sort of a source that we don't know what it is yet so we'll just keep it the way it is.
Closing tag and we'll have another div
within here.
If you remember we have our name and email in here so we'll just do an H-2 we'll just write hardcoded
values here.
Well Jane Jane Doe
and finally a p tag that has some e-mail address solicitude Jane Doe at gmail dot com.
Close the tag.
All right.
So we just have a simple component that's returning card.
And remember we want to export this.
So we want to say export default card
save I get I'm geomancy must have an alt property.
Again it's giving me a nice hand.
So let's just add a alt property we just say what this photo is.
So I'll just say photo for now or I'll say robots for now compile successfully if we look back at our
app we have robots Jane Doe and Jane Doe perfect.
All right we have the cart component and you must be asking yourself why are we using re-act here if
we're not really using it.
Let's see what happens if I remove it.
I get a whole bunch of errors that says re-act must be in scope when using GSX remember GSX is this.
We're not writing a shemale we're writing GSX and we need to import react so that our program understands
GSX this a shemale like syntax.
OK.
Now we need an image and for this exercise I have something called Roble hash for you it's a really
really cool API.
And for those that don't know what API is or don't worry you have a session coming up with all that
information well you'll get to learn about it.
But the cool thing about roba hashes I can just say anything in here and it will return a random robot
for me.
All we need is just this.
You are el and I can just say for now test.
If I save this and go back to my example.
There you go.
We have our Random robot.
If I changed this to let's say test test I save Well now I get another robot.
How cool is that.
All right I want to make sure that the size is somewhat small so you can do a question mark here and
just give it width and height.
So I'm just going to do 200 by 200.
And again this is just something that you do with this.
You are all that they give you and the information here how will make you go through it.
Everything should look nice.
Now let's say I wanted to add a title and I'll do something like divx or H-1 Pro Bowl friends here.
You see I get an error here.
It's because remember we need to return one thing and we can have multiple elements being returned right.
If we want to return something make sure it's one thing or an array.
But for now we'll worry about the title later.
We want to make sure that we're only returning one element.
So in this case that div element that has a ton of things inside which is the card component.
All right let's save.
All right we have our card component.
It looks nice but what if I wanted to have multiple cards.
Now according to what we know because we have the card component.
If I go to index start yes I can just say I've put this on our new line so you can see I can just wrap
this in a div again because we want to return just a single element and I could say Card
card and close the DIV tag
save and look at that we have multiple cars now they're each their own component.
But let's have some styling to this just to make it look nicer again because we have Takio.
We can use some really nice syntax if we go to the car component within the div..
I can say class name again.
Remember we can use class B.G. light green so that is background light green.
And this is just tacky on classes that are already predefined for us again.
CSSA section this isn't that.
So we're not going to focus too much on CSSA.
I'll just give you the styling say you need.
Have the div the border we have padding of three lothsome margins too as well.
And then it will do grow which is the animation.
So if I save this look at that and that's that's pretty nice.
You know it looks at a few more we'll do P.W. two and shadow five to add a bit of chateaus to them.
There you go.
They look more 3D now.
That looks very nice.
There you go.
We have our cards again.
We don't want this static card where it says Jane Doe Jane Doe Jane Doe we want it to be dynamic right.
So it sounds like we need what we call prop's properties well and actually have for you a robot's object
that I've created.
So I'm just going to add a new file here that says robots dodgy us and one thing here.
I'm just going to copy and paste this as you can see it is just a constant object it's robots it's an
array of objects and it has ID name user name email and these are just random that I've made.
If you want this file then you can grab the files from the end of this section.
But for now this way I have something that I can use and you can see I'm exporting it.
I can say import robots from Dot because we're in the same directory.
Robots.
Now if I save this we got robots as defined by never used but because this is using export instead of
export default this file could have multiple exports.
It just so happens that I only have one.
The rule is for these phones because there are default Well you can just to cart for ones that aren't
default.
You have to restructure it.
That is like this.
So that if I have another variable let's say that says Katz then I will have to do that to grab it.
So we have robots and now I can't give it some properties.
I can say ID equals.
And again we have these brackets so that it's a javascript expression and we'll say robots but robots
first array dog ID has the ID then we have name equals robots.
Again the first user thought name close to bracket.
And then we also have email he calls robots first and the array dot email.
Holy moly that's a lot of typing and I'm going to make this more just so you can see I'm going to copy
and paste for the other ones as well except for.
Change this to the second user and then the third use the second user
Now if I save this it's compiled successfully but nothing has changed because we need to go to cards
and get a close robust dodgiest for now and this because cards it needs to now accept parameters and
what are the parameters.
While it's properties and these props are now props Daut name
props dot
I save that go back.
It's not working well because this is a javascript expression.
Right.
So I need to wrap it in curly brackets.
Just the way it works in GSX save Look at that.
We have dynamic names that we're passing as properties to each one.
Let's add tech center here.
And there you go.
Now we have everything Center.
That's a lot better OK.
But we also passed ID we can use ID to do something cool.
If you remember in that ESX section we have template strings.
And because this is a template string we have to wrap it in a curly bracket so it's a javascript expression.
And now within the robo hash instead of using test here we can randomize what robots we get by using
this syntax as you remember.
And in here we can just say Propst dot ID.
So now this will say Roble hashed out org ID of whatever it is for the robot with the size.
So we make sure that again the IDs are always dynamic and changing.
If I save this and go back look at you see that there's a bit of a delay again because we're talking
to the API and the API is returning.
Answer for us but how cool is that.
We just created our own dynamic cards.
One last thing although this works something nicer that you can do is we have something called destructuring.
We can do something like Konst
name email equals props again as you may remember from E6.
And now I can use outside ideas well
and it still works.
Another cool thing that you can do and this is even cleaner is within the parameters you can do destructuring.
Again you can add this over here now.
And now if I save it should still work and it does.
This might be confusing if you're new to destructuring But as you saw step by step we're just receiving
props and we're destructuring the props right inside of the brackets here.
This is much cleaner.
All right.
That was a lot of fun in a really really fast way.
We've just created our own cartes in the next section we're going to expand on this and make this even
better.
I'll see that one but by.